Hi, guys, another concept you need to understand for the exam is that the like you now similar to
a dead letter?
Q This is actually a configuration that you apply to a stand a Q or a FIFO.
Q And the purpose of the delay?
Q is that you have a duration in seconds and within that time any message is added to the Q will not
be visible.
So what it does is it gives your consumers a bit more time to process the messages.
So in this case, a producer has put a message into the Q, but for this duration of time, the delay
seconds, it won't be visible.
So if the function here actually tries to find messages in the Q, the message cannot be found and returned.
Now, after a period of time, the message will become visible and at that point the consumer can then
process the message so you can apply the configuration to the queue or you can apply the configuration
in the API call that's made from the producer.
So you can specify the delay seconds at the queue level, or your producer can specify how long to delay
the specific message for when it enters the queue.
And that's what we're going to have a look at how to do now by going over to the command line and using
the command line.
The first command I'm going to run is Adewusi.
Ask us help and let's have a look at some of the available commands so we can create a queue.
We can get the queue attributes in the URL, we can list our queues and we can receive a message and
send a message.
And there's lots of others as well.
But those are some of the key ones that we're going to have a look at.
So let's just quit out of this and I'm going to type HWC excuse list cues.
And so this gives me a list of useful queue names.
I'm going to take one of these and that's my standard queue.
Just quit out of there and put that into the command line.
So I've got it in memory.
And the other one I want to look at now is eight of us ask us, send a message and let's put help on
to that.
So what we need to do is have a look at these command attributes here.
So I'm going to copy those, come back up, paste this in, and I'm going to specify a delay of 10 seconds.
I'm going to put the message body as a test message one.
And then what I need to do next is just copy that URL from before and paste that in.
So now I've got send message, I've got the query URL specified.
So this message will go into our standard queue.
The message body is test message one and I've specified a delay of ten seconds, so let's hit enter
and that's run and then let's come back to our standard queue and let's pull four messages and we can
see there's nothing there.
So the message is currently not visible in the queue.
Now it's turned up.
So that was the delay.
If I just quit out of here and I'm going to put another message in the queue and now, again, we're
going to have to wait ten seconds before that message appears and then it will be available at that
point only for consumers to actually process it.
So there it is.
That was ten seconds.
And we've now got both of our messages in the queue.
So delay queues, postpone the delivery of messages to a queue for a number of seconds, messages sent
to the door like you remain invisible to consumers then for the duration of whatever that delay period
is.
And the default is zero seconds and no delay.
And the maximum is nine hundred seconds.
Fifteen minutes for stand.
Accused of changing the setting does not affect the delay of messages already in the queue, only new
messages.
Whereas for FIFO cuz this affects the delay of messages that are already in the queue as well.
And you can specify the delivery delay at the Q level.
So we just saw how to do it at the send message API.
But let's go back to the console and see where we can do it at the Q level.
So I'm back in the console, I'm going to configure my Q and then here we have delivery delay in seconds
so we can say it's zero seconds is the minimum and fifteen minutes is the maximum and you can change
that between seconds and minutes.
So that's the like use.
And in the next lesson we're going to cover the visibility timeout.